Hi! I'm Gary for Expert Village. Now we are
going to put our tape down the sides. It is
going to cover up this knot and it is also
going to protect the strings from ripping
and give it that nice clean look. Because
this particular book is missing its back over
here and it is exposed, I am going to use
the thicker roll of tape and what it is going
to do I am going to put 1 piece. It is going
to go down the length of the whole spine of
the book and that will give this part its
cover and its protection. If it was just a
normal book that was still in good shape down
the side, I would just run thinner strips
of tape; one down this side and one down this
side but the thicker piece of tape will accomplish
the same thing. It will cover the strings
on both sides and it will also give this part
of the book a nice protection. So let's go
ahead and get a piece of tape. We are going
to do the same thing that we did on top. We
left it a little bit over the edge so we can
stick it in. So when you measure your tape,
when you cut it a little bit over the top
and also the bottom as well. So if I cut it
right about here, that should give me enough
space on both edges. Actually we don't need
the knife. We can just rip this tape, put
the book on its side, try to get right into
the middle and also we want to cover up those
strings that we made. Again, we have to make
our snip its into the top so we can tuck it
down, make it easier. So we have our 3 sections
and we seal over here on the side but we were
able to cover up the holes that we made and
the strings let's go ahead and cut the edges
here. We'll go ahead and tuck them in. It
goes right over the previous one we made.
Same thing here. Right over the previous one
and again this one, on the top we are going
to have to tuck that in, in between the pages
there.